Adding READMEs to all directories (#584)
SAFEHR-data/PIXL: pixl_imaging/README.md

exists locally. If it does exist locally, a check is made to ensure all instances exist locally and any missing
instances are retrieved. If the study does not exist locally, the entire study is retrieved from the archive.

> Once the study and all its instances are in `orthanc-raw`, the study is sent to `orthanc-anon` via a C-STORE <SK: Please explain what C-STORE operation>

Reviewer: Suggest specifically calling it a "DICOM C-STORE" operation and linking to some documentation. Could link to the official NEMA DICOM docs, but they are a bit impenetrable, hence link I chose.

```suggestion
Once the study and all its instances are in `orthanc-raw`, the study is sent to `orthanc-anon` via a [DICOM C-STORE operation](https://www.medicalconnections.co.uk/kb/Basic-DICOM-Operations).
```
